♪ Opening Song
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] After a
series of fierce battles,
the Straw Hat Pirates
have reached the waters
of the New World,
ruled by the Four Emperors.
Their first stop is the
island of Punk Hazard,
where they face off against the
mad scientist, Caesar Clown.
When he unleashes a
terrifying weapon known as
"Land of the Dead,"
the Straw Hats barely survive.
Ready for a counterattack,
they team up with Trafalgar Law
and launch an assault
on Caesar's lab.
Their hope is to
fight their way through
to the only exit off the island.
But in another part of the lab,
Vice Admiral Vergo
suddenly appears before
Tashigi's Navy unit.
Captain Tashigi!
We're saved at last!
The big guns have arrived
to provide us some back up!
We got two Vice Admirals
on our side now!
[TASHIGI]
Vergo!
[MARINE U]
Vice Admiral Smokey and Vergo?
The G-5 is finally
ready to kick some ass!
[MARINE T] Ain't no one
gonna stop us now!
Oh, no.
[MARINE V]
Hell yeah! Caesar's goin' down!
[TASHIGI]
Run.
Everyone.
Run now!
Uh, Vice Admiral Vergo?
Did those soldiers
do somethin' wrong?
Even if they did...
I'm all for punishment
and everything,
but your finger pistol
might kill 'em.
[TASHIGI]
Everyone, get back!
Run for your lives!
He's not the man
you think he is!
Listen to me!
He's been working against--
--[JERO gasps]
--Captain, no!
Monster! I'm sending
you to hell!
[PIKE screams]
[MARINES groan]
[TASHIGI] My words are
frozen in my throat.
Smoker. Anyone.
Please, you have to stop this.
[SANJI]
I hear a lady...
Who is that?
[SANJI]
...in need of my help!
I heard the heartbreaking
sound... of a woman's tears.
[LUFFY panting]
You ready?
[LUFFY] Are you serious?
Gimme a sec! Jeez!
I was running so fast my feet
lit the damn floor on fire!
[pants] I'm starting
to catch my breath.
Huh? Hey, did you hear me
say I was ready?
Listen up. Vergo's
mine, stay back.
Yeah! I got it!
And you keep away from Caesar.
I'm the only one
taking down that jerk.
Oh. Guess I'm up first.
Fine.
Huh?
You're not getting
away now! Caesar!
[CAESAR CLOWN groans]
[LUFFY]
"A Fierce Battle Gets Heated!
Luffy Vs. Caesar!"
[LUFFY yelling]
[LAW]
Listen, White Hunter.
I'm telling ya right now:
keep your distance from Caesar.
Last thing I need to deal with
is us taking turns squeezing
each other's hearts.
I know you're filled with
hell fire right now,
but save it until I get
my heart back from Vergo.
As long as we're on this island,
you're following my orders.
Got it?
[SMOKER]
I took the shortest route here.
And I was moving
as fast as I could.
[SMOKER]
Where are you, Vergo?!
Dammit, you're
incessantly irritating!
[LUFFY]
I got you now!
[LUFFY yelling]
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Spoke too soon, there.
[LUFFY yelling]
And Flammable Type!
Huh?
Miok Gas!
[LUFFY gasps]
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Straw Hat!
What's your problem?
What reason do you have
for attacking me?
Other than you tryin' to kill me
and my friends
and everyone else,
somethin' cool's supposed
to happen if I capture you!
That sounds to me
like you formed
some kind of alliance with Law.
Trusting him is
an act of foolishness.
Take it from my own experience.
He will betray you!
Keep your advice!
I'll do whatever I wanna do!
You really are a glutton
for pain, aren't you?
Karakuni!
[gasps] Ah, crap,
I'm choking again!
That you are!
Most people do that when
I remove their oxygen!
[CAESAR CLOWN cackles] Are those
pathetic flailings intended to
hit me, or are they
merely your death throes?
[groans]
[pants] So this is the distance!
[CAESAR CLOWN cackles]
Yes, you got me.
My powers are locked
within a set radius.
The question is, how long can
you stay out of that radius?
You just told me
all I needed to know.
Second Gear!
Get ready for Gum-Gum...
I'm not giving you the chance!
[LUFFY]
...Jet Pistol!
[CAESAR CLOWN]
So fast!
That hurt, you dullard!
[LUFFY gasps]
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Although, it allowed me
to close the distance!
Not again!
That looks painful!
Well, here.
Want your oxygen back?
Breathe in the Blue Sword!
[panting]
[cackles]
[CAESAR CLOWN]
Every gas is a weapon for me!
Maybe I can't kill
you with poison,
but I've still got
an entire arsenal
that'll put you in the ground!
[pants] Man, this is annoying.
I'm gettin' real tired
of not breathing.
[cackles]
Dammit!
[CAESAR CLOWN] Get ready
to be slashed and seared!
All right,
now Gum-Gum... [gasps]
Have some Gastanet!
[LUFFY panting]
Close call.
I'm sending you
to hell, Straw Hat!
[alarm blaring]
It's the alarm!
[MARINE C]
The gate's closing!
We gotta run! Hurry!
[VERGO]
You're a pirate.
Why're you helping
a bunch of marines?
'Cuz you're not supposed
to hurt ladies, scumbag.
If your parents
didn't teach you that,
then I'm the one who's gonna
beat the lesson into your brain.
I'm far too busy right now
to field your moral platitudes.
Ain't that "Black Leg" Sanji?
I don't get it. What's a
Straw Hat doin' helpin' us?
He saved my life.
[SANJI]
Flanchet...
...full power Strike!
--Damn, that dude's strong.
--Holy crap!
[DRAGON A roars]
Oh no!
That dragon is not gonna rest
until all of us are barbecue!
He does look pretty riled up.
C'mon, Brownie, faster!
This is my fastest!
Why don't ya get off and
use your own damn legs?
[screams] We're gonna die!
Just one breath could roast us.
No one asked for your
academic analysis!
Get up and do something, Brook!
Huh?
Yeah, it's all up to you now!
What?
Why are you putting this on me?
I'm scared of
the dragon, too, y'know!
You're the only one who can
do this, you're oldest!
Well, then you shouldn't
sacrifice your elders!
[NAMI, USOPP gasp]
[DRAGON A roars]
Huh? [screams]
[SUBORDINATE A]
Hey, we've got a problem!
[SUBORDINATE B]
What's up?
The Straw Hats and
most of the Marines
got through the gates
into Building B!
Wait. Are they getting
close to Building D?
[SUBORDINATE B]
Calm down.
I don't care who it is, no one's
gettin' inside Building D.
--[SUBORDINATES gasp]
--[footsteps]
Who goes there?
Holy crap. That's...
[SUBORDINATE B]
Trafalgar Law!
[SUBORDINATE A] What's going on?
What the hell's he doing here?
It doesn't matter
how he got here!
Let's make the traitor pay!
[LAW]
Room.
[SUBORDINATES gasp]
What?
[SUBORDINATE A]
My legs!
What the heck did you do to me?
Hey! Where are my legs?
You can't avoid me forever!
[gasps]
[LUFFY]
Will you quit it?
You're just itching to die, huh?
[LUFFY pants]
I can breathe again!
[inhales, gasps]
[CAESAR CLOWN cackles]
[CAESAR CLOWN] Quit running
and give me your breath!
[cackles] I'm closing
the gap on you!
Not so easy to run when
you can't breathe, is it?
Die! Die! Die! Die! Die! Die!
[cackles] How long do you
think you can run from me?
[CAESAR CLOWN cackles]
Sit still already!
Wouldn't it be easier on you
if you just let me kill you?
Oh, man, you suck!
Quit chasing me!
[CAESAR CLOWN gasps]
You obnoxious pest!
Damn your Haki!
[panting]
[panting] I've gotta catch 'im
before he sucks my lungs dry.
How do I get close
enough to do it?
[CAESAR CLOWN cackles]
Look at that face.
You're really straining your
little brain, aren't you?
Well, sorry.
Because you're never going to
figure out a way to capture me.
Anytime you get close,
I'm just going to keep removing
all your oxygen until
you finally croak.
[CAESAR CLOWN cackles] So.
Please, keep trying to catch me.
[MARINES panting]
It don't look like
Black Leg's gonna back down.
He's beatin' the hell
outta that fake Vergo.
We gotta give 'im
some backup!
What are you morons doing?
Start running already!
They're trying to seal you up
in here to poison you!
[MARINES]
Huh?
[MARINES gasp]
What'd I tell you?
[MARINES scream]
[MARINES gasping]
They're letting the gas in,
we've gotta run
for it, get a move on!
Well look at that. Now I get it.
You've got metal or something
under your skin, don't you?
Quit interfering.
This is an internal matter.
I'm familiar with your type.
My captain hates guys like you.
[SANJI]
Aw, crap.
He's really damn strong!
Hey, Black Leg!
Ya gotta run, man!
The gate's closing!
You're gonna get
trapped in there!
Turn around, the gas
is right behind you!
Get out of there!
[SANJI gasps]
[LUFFY groans]
[CAESAR CLOWN cackles] How long
do you intend to keep this up?
[CAESAR CLOWN]
According to my math,
you've only got two options.
You can walk out of this room
with your tail tucked
between your legs.
Or you can die
by immolation. Ha!
[CAESAR CLOWN] The entire
point of this experiment
was to demonstrate
for the brokers
the lethal force of
my Land of the Dead.
Killing you in any other manner
defeats the whole purpose.
This is not what I want,
but I will still enjoy it.
Karakuni!
Dammit! You suck!
[CAESAR CLOWN cackles]
I'm giving you one final chance
to turn around and leave.
You do that and--
[LUFFY] I'm not walkin'
away till I catch you.
Ha! Suicidal, aren't you?
[LUFFY]
Go on and take away my air.
One breath's all I need
to kick your gassy ass!
Huh? Well, that's
a rather bold claim.
Armament Hardening!
All right, fine.
Just remember you chose this.
Send me a postcard from hell!
[inhales]
Huh?
[CAESAR CLOWN gasps]
[LUFFY]
This is it!
Gum-Gum... Jet Gatling!
[LUFFY gasps]
Is that a wall?
Hey, what the hell?
[MONET]
Igloo!
[gasps]
I'm impressed.
There aren't too
many people alive
that could actually
break through this wall.
[CAESAR CLOWN gasps]
[LUFFY]
Have you got Devil Fruit powers?
Dammit! You dumb rubber bastard!
It's time to go, Master.
This is a pointless fight.
Heh. You're telling me.
We are in the midst of
a terribly important
demonstration, after all.
So what, you're just gonna run?
Do your worst, Straw Hat.
I've got bigger fish to fry.
But I'll keep you in my thoughts
when I use your crew as test
subjects for my experiment.
Enjoy your demise! [cackles]
[LUFFY gasps]
Hang on!
Sorry, but you can't
go after him.
I won't let the Master suffer
any further misfortune.
Joker would kill me
if I allowed that.
You mean the pink bird
guy from the war?
What the hell is
up with that dude?
[alarm blaring]
[SUBORDINATE D]
Aw jeez, what's happening now?
[SUBORDINATE E]
It's Trafalgar!
This is way beyond bad.
Send out an emergency
broadcast! On the double!
Right!
[siren blaring]
[SUBORDINATE E] This is an
alert from Building D!
Attention all buildings
of the Third Laboratory!
What now?
[SUBORDINATE E]
This is Building D!
Attention all buildings
of the Third Laboratory!
The Warlord Trafalgar Law
has infiltrated the premises!
And he's just gained access
to the SAD manufacturing room!
Is he crazy?
What does that fool
think he's doing?
If he goes through with this,
he's gonna bite off more
than even he can chew!
So that's it.
That was his plan all along.
[SANJI grunts]
What the? [gasps]
You capture the Master
while he finds SAD.
Well, I finally see what
your little scheme is.
[SMOKER]
Vergo!
Law. He formed an alliance
with the Straw Hats
just to keep us busy.
And he probably
joined the Warlords
just so he could gain
access to that room.
[VERGO]
Crazy bastard!
[VERGO] He must have one
seriously hellish scenario
banging around inside his skull.
[VERGO]
And if he succeeds...
[VERGO] ...he'll send
the New World into chaos!
[NARRATOR]
Trafalgar Law infiltrates
the SAD production area
and prepares to shake up the
New World in a profound way.
At the same time, the mysterious
Warlord whose been
pulling the strings of
Punk Hazard from the shadows
finally breaks his silence
and enters the fray.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"A Mastermind Underground!
Doflamingo Makes His Move!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!